Update README for repository deprecation notice (#150)
Azure/ms-rest-nodeauth: README.md

> **Note:** This repository has been deprecated in favor of the new [Azure SDK for JavaScript](https://github.com/azure/azure-sdk-for-js).

Author: ```suggestion
**Note:** This package has been deprecated in favor of the new identity packages from [Azure SDK for JavaScript](https://github.com/azure/azure-sdk-for-js).
```
